The Project Gutenberg eBook of “A Most Unholy Trade”, by Henry James

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: “A Most Unholy Trade”
       Being Letters on the Drama by Henry James

Author: Henry James

Engraver: Waldo Murray

Release Date: June 24, 2021 [eBook #65683]

Language: English

Produced by: Charlene Taylor, Donald Cummings and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
             produced from images generously made available by The
             Internet Archive/American Libraries.)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A MOST UNHOLY TRADE ***





                         “A MOST UNHOLY TRADE”




[Illustration]




                         “A MOST UNHOLY TRADE”
                         BEING LETTERS ON THE
                         DRAMA BY HENRY JAMES


                            [Illustration]


                           THE SCARAB PRESS
                           PRIVATELY PRINTED
                               MCMXXIII




                   Copyright, 1923, by Dunster House
                  Bookshop, Cambridge, Massachusetts.




NOTE


The four letters here printed for the first time are part of Henry
James’s informal correspondence with William Heinemann, the publisher.
They are selected for their unity of subject, in that they concern
themselves with James’s impressions of Ibsen’s “Little Eyolf” and
contain some general remarks on the drama. Written about the time of
the publication of the first and second series of James’s Theatricals,
they indicate his ideas at the time when his consideration of the
subject was most intense. Acknowledgment is made to Mrs. J. Tucker
Murray and to Pierre de Chaignon la Rose, Esq., for permission to print
two of these letters.




“A MOST UNHOLY TRADE”


                                                              Wednesday
                                                34, De Vere Gardens. W.

My dear Heinemann,

I feel as if I couldn’t thank you enough for introducing me to Ibsen’s
prodigious little performance! I return it to you, by the same post
conscientiously after two breathless perusals,――which leave me with a
yearning as impatient, an appetite as hungry, for the rest, as poor
Rita’s yearning & appetite are for the missing caresses of her Alfred.
Do satisfy me better or more promptly than he satisfied her. The thing
is immensely characteristic & immensely――immense. I quite agree with
you that it takes hold as nothing else of his has as yet done――it
appeals with an immoderate intensity & goes straight as a dose of
castor oil! I hope to heaven the thing will reach the London stage:
there ought to be no difficulty, if Rita, when she offers herself, can
be restricted to a chair, instead of lying on her back on the sofa.
Let her _sit_, and the objection vanishes――I mean let her eschew the
sofa. Of course I don’t know what the rest brings forth――but this act
& a half are a pure――or an impure――perfection. If he really carries
on the whole play simply with these four people――& at the same high
pitch (it’s the _pitch_ that’s so magnificent!) it will be a feat more
extraordinary than any he’s achieved――it will beat “Ghosts.” Admirable,
gallant old man! The success of this would be high! I greatly enjoyed
our “lovely luxurious” (as Rita wd. say), _fin de soirée_, on Monday.
Tree is as dewily infantine as Eyolf!

                             Yours truly,
                                                            Henry James

P.S. _Do_ remember that I’m on the sofa, with my hair down――and pink
lamp shades!


[Illustration]


                                                34, De Vere Gardens, W.
                                                   November 22nd, 1894.

My dear Heinemann,

All thanks for your prompt and adequate relief――the last “go” at Act
II. It is a very great little affair. If Act III doesn’t drop, it will
be Ibsen’s crown of glory――I mean the whole thing will. It is a little
masterpiece. It seems to me that he doesn’t make quite enough――(in
form, in the pause to take it in, and the indication of the amazement
and emotion of Allmers)――of the revelation of the non-relationship; but
that is a detail, and the stroke itself――coming where it does――immense.
The thing must and _can_ be represented. This Act 2 is such a crescendo
on 1. that if 3 is an equal crescendo on 2, the fortune of the thing
will be made, and it will be a big fortune. I hope 3 is already on the
stocks of translation. It’s a fine case for the British manager’s fine
old demand for a “happy ending!” What I seem dimly to divine is that
the she-Eyolf goes the same way as the He! i. e. the way of the fiord.

I don’t see what _complete_ tragedy there is for it _but_ that. But the
Devil knows what queer card the old Roué has up his sleeve!――Perhaps
Rita “has” the roadmaster publicly on the stage, while Asta throws
herself into the fiord. Yes, Eyolf No. 2 does by design what Eyolf No. 1
did by accident――and does it conjointly _with_ Alfred (at the risk of
repeating Rosmersholm and Hedda and the Wild Duck), while Rita falls
upon Borgheim and the Rat wife returns leading in a wild dance of
rodents! That, at least, is the way it _should_ be. But come to my aid!
I was so full of it yesterday that, being near you, I popped in――tho’ I
had already written, but only missed you.

                              Yours ever,
                                                                  H. J.




                                                       Nov. 28th. 1894.
                                                34, De Vere Gardens. W.

Dear Mr. Pawling,

Many thanks for your missive of yesterday & the message from the
publisher-dramatist, whose friendly thought of sending me the play
I much appreciate. I have read it, and, having done so, feel that
such reflections as it may have engendered had better be imparted to
Heinemann directly. Therefore I will write to him by the time he shall
have returned from Manchester――& I will in returning him the sheets
also send back the 3d. act of Ibsen, which I ought already to have
restored & of which I spoke perhaps a little too despairingly on Sunday
night at Gosse’s. On reading it over more deliberately the next day,
I saw more its great intention of beauty. It is meagre & inconclusive,
I think; but none the less I can imagine that, played with some real
effort――& in a scenic Scandinavian twilight, it may have a certain fine
solemnity & poetry of effect.

                           Yours very truly
                                                            Henry James


[Illustration]


                                                34, De Vere Gardens. W.
                                                   November 30th, 1894.

My dear Heinemann,

All thanks for the privilege of perusal――which I greatly appreciate.
I applaud the boldness with which you attack _de front_ all the
difficulties of the damnable little art, and which ought to bring you
all honour. It is refreshingly courageous of you, for example, to have
staked your fortune on a dramatis personae of 3, when you might, like
H.A. Jones, have sought safety in 30 or so. I think the idea of the
_First Step_ interesting――the situation of the girl who has become a
man’s mistress, but rises in arms at the idea that her sister should
do so――but I am not certain that it stands forth, as the _subject_,
with that big dotting of the big _i_, that the barbarous art of the
actable drama requires. In that art one must specify one’s subject as
unmistakeably as one orders one’s _di_nner――I mean leave the audience
no trouble to disengage or disentangle it. Forget not that you write
for the stupid――that is, that your maximum of refinement must meet
the minimum of intelligence of the audience――the intelligence, in
other words, of the biggest ass it may conceivably contain. It is a
most unholy trade! But you are very brave and gay and easy with it.
You have attempted a _tour de force_ in trying to carry on 2 acts
with only three people (I can think of no other case but Maupassant’s
_Paix du Ménage_――performed at the Français after his death by Bartet,
Le Bargy & Worms), and with only one question, as it were, to create
in the bosom of the spectator that principle of _suspense_ which is
the essence of the function of a theatrical action――the suspense as
to whether or no, and _how_, by what means or by what catastrophe, a
certain thing will happen or fail. The particular thing, in the _First
Step_, is the fate of the young sister’s chastity, the “question”
whether or no Annie shall lose her or save her. It is interesting but
I am not sure it _fills_ the play enough――and whether in your very
laudable desire to be unconventional and real you haven’t simplified
too much. However, this will show in the test――though I pity you for
the ordeal of interpretation. I can’t help wishing Annie were rather
worse herself, for the dramatic effect of the contrast between her
own life and character and her intensity about the other girl; in
other words, I think you have made her too good and the man she lives
with too bad. The situation would have had a fuller force if his
entanglement with the actress had been more _represented_――so that
(with the actress _introduced_) the action would have been closer and
the effect of the circumstances leading Frank to sacrifice the girl
more pictured, more dramatic. Excuse this preachment. I didn’t mean to
pick holes in your so serious and honourable attempt――but only to show
you with what care I have read it and how much it has made me reflect!

I owe you also long-delayed thanks for the Ibsen――I mean Act III, which
I also return. It is a great――a very great _drop_; but it has distinct
beauty and it could, in representation, I think be made fine.

All success to your own tragic Muse. She is evidently much in earnest
and she is altogether in the movement. Do take with her also, after
this, another turn.

                    Yours ever, my dear Heinemann,
                                                           Henry James.

P.S. I long to hear about Manchester.


[Illustration]




Of this, the first book printed by The Scarab Press, one hundred
copies are for sale at Dunster House, 26 Holyoke Street & Mt. Auburn,
Cambridge, Massachusetts. [Illustration] The frontispiece was engraved
on wood by Waldo Murray of Cambridge, after a drawing by John S.
Sargent inscribed to his friend Henry James and published in The Yellow
Book, 1894. [Illustration] The cover was designed by Waldo Murray and
also cut by him on linoleum.

[Illustration]


Copy Number 35


       *       *       *       *       *


 Transcriber’s Notes:

 ――Underlined text is enclosed by underscores (_underline_).

 ――Punctuation and spelling inaccuracies were silently corrected, except
   when they occur in the four correspondence letters.


*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A MOST UNHOLY TRADE ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
